CollaborativeArtTool/README.md, before:

# Collaborative Art Tool by Gilberto Guadiana

## Description
A collaborative art tool that aims to use NFT functionality to enhance collaboration.

## Instructions
Tools:
The bomb button is used to clear the canvas to a white background.

The rainbow button is used to clear the canvas to a randomly colored background.

The mandala tool is used to reflect strokes pseudo-symmetrically over the origin a given number of times. Every time you release your mouse, the number of reflections changes for the tool.

The spray tool is used to blend pixels in the pixel buffer in a rectangular region near where the mouse is clicked and dragged.

The anchor tool is used to draw fish hook looking objects on screen.

## Thank You's
Thank you to the ontology developed by Prof. Kate Compton on marks and strokes as well as the sample code!

## References:
1. https://p5js.org/reference

## Credits
1. Starter code was used from Prof. Kate Compton's CS 396: Generative Methods A3 assignment as well as the vector.js library for vector operations.
2. Base code was taken from Gilberto Guadiana's A3 assignment from Prof. Kate Compton's CS 396: Generative Methods course.
3. nft-mix from eth-brownie was used as starter code for the NFT portion.

## Dependencies
1. P5.js for drawing
2. eth-brownie for NFT
3. Flask for running python
4.

Commit message:

Starter code from galaxykate's codoodle

CollaborativeArtTool/README.md, after:

# Collaborative Art Tool by Gilberto Guadiana

## Description
A collaborative art tool that aims to use NFT functionality to enhance collaboration.

## Instructions
Tools:
The bomb button is used to clear the canvas to a white background.

The rainbow button is used to clear the canvas to a randomly colored background.

The mandala tool is used to reflect strokes pseudo-symmetrically over the origin a given number of times. Every time you release your mouse, the number of reflections changes for the tool.

The spray tool is used to blend pixels in the pixel buffer in a rectangular region near where the mouse is clicked and dragged.

The anchor tool is used to draw fish hook looking objects on screen.

## Thank You's
Thank you to the ontology developed by Prof. Kate Compton on marks and strokes as well as the sample code!

## References:
1. https://p5js.org/reference

## Credits
1. Starter code was used from Prof. Kate Compton's CS 396: Generative Methods A3 assignment as well as the vector.js library for vector operations.
2. Base code was taken from Gilberto Guadiana's A3 assignment from Prof. Kate Compton's CS 396: Generative Methods course.
3. nft-mix from eth-brownie was used as starter code for the NFT portion.
4. Code from https://github.com/galaxykate/codoodle used for the random drawer function, Vue setup, and peerJS code.

## Dependencies
1. P5.js for drawing
2. eth-brownie for NFT implementation and deployment
3. peer.js for WebRTC
4. Vue
